I mean forty years ago yeah it's you
know it's it's nice that you know people
are talking about it obviously as a
Fulham player and Fulham fan you kind of
like hope there's other things that
happen since obviously Europa but you
know it's it's yeah you can't believe
it's 40 years you know and looking
behind here and seeing these young lads
running around and we should do the same
but it was slightly different we had
loads of mud on our feet and there was
no green stuff to play on and played in
parts wherever we could get you know get
training it was that was in those days
this is fantastic and so um yeah like
lovely time 40 years ago great memories
and when I see these guys the old ones I
really bit older than me all of these
but you know just kind of its nice
feeling
I see the players often and we were all
reminisce about the game not the cup
final course which I never played in and
I do tell them that I would if we'd had
a play bit of weed er one and Alan
Taylor wouldn't have scored two goals
and Tony gal loves to say you're right
it was explored for but great to see the
lads as a great cut run the 11 games to
get there we never won at home every
game we won was away from home
eventually and but a great team and some
good characters what a year what journey
for all of us I don't know whether you
know you're aware the fact that was the
longest cut run to get to Wembley I
think there's 11 games to get to Wembley
as the longest in history and in fact
it'll never be equaled now because of
the changes in the game you know not
playing all the replays so actually in
the history book so that's I don't let
something as far as the season itself
for me it was all about what a
tremendous team spirit we had at the
club at that time and particularly there
that season well I was only the
assistant coach but was a quite involved
because quite a few of them had come
through from the reserve side so I had
quite an input in that respect but as
pliers you know we had two or three
senior players who really looked after
leis and John Michell and people like
that and then they were just a great
bunch of lads and a great time of life
for everybody you know I've been
involved with about 10 football clubs
and this is probably the only one I ever
go back to so you know it's they as
people have really taught people I can
remember we close at Sunderland before
the cup had started and I was up there
and Alec and I went to the middle of the
pitch all that stock and Bob Stoker came
out and they'd been to Wembley I think
was the year before or two years before
and all that was saying he was a lovely
man and spoke very nicely and he said to
Bob I've got a feeling Bob that we could
go all the way this year and I thought I
just stopped to look and I thought he
must be drunk so I think we've got a
chance they've got everybody was right
but the boys are not nervous
Peter Mullan goal saved his thinking was
at Carlisle off when he kept us in the
game which was tremendous lesbo I
remember was exceptionally good on that
day and of course you had the old straw
what surfer Bobby Moore and my memory
were both great for the club at that
time games came thick and fast I think
one week we played three or four four
games I think we played nuts forests on
the on the monday then the wednesday and
then we were not to have it and on the
saturday and obviously we played on
exactly before so we played four games
in seven days but the games they
confessed and you know it's just a
wonderful wonderful time for the key to
memories really the fifth round way to
Everton they were top of the 1st
division Premiership now we were given
no chance whatsoever and we went there
and outplayed him early and I was that
was our best result I feel and of course
the first semi-final
50,000 55,000 people and we played
really well that day I thought we'd
blown it because I don't think we could
have played any bout but John Mitchell
came in with a last-second goal in the
replay and gots to Wembley basically
probably burst goal scored for the club
the most important one got us to Wembley
and probably one of the best goals to
scored in the first game so you know to
contrast great goal didn't quite get us
there we drew went to replay couldn't do
it better
nine seconds to go extra time injury
time in extra time and you score a goal
we know we're at Wembley you know and it
was like you know Fulham at Wembley it's
like dream for all of us shame we didn't
close out but we give it a go the RAM
was a I think the the memory of it was
it was so enjoyable because you know
apart from the league games and
everything else you know you're in a cup
man and we had all the matches against
Notts poison and it was so it was so
nice to get away from the league games
and everything and play playing the cup
games as it went on and on and we were
winning and getting suited next round we
were playing against teams like Everton
and that and likeness semi-final with
the crowds were fantastic you know that
he was fantastic as a player to come out
to Crowell otto's so exciting you know
and so as the realms you know we've got
through the rounds and everything else
in the crowds got bigger the whole
excitement of the Cup run just took over
you know I mean I think the the
semi-final against Birmingham the first
one they were think there was about
55,000 and it was just fantastic to be
belong to that team and to being at that
time you know at the club at that tell
him and everything that was fantastic